Yanqin, I just said that Mr. Zhao and Xu live streaming host have been together for a long time
If you don't believe me, you have to chase it out and see
Nothing they say is true
Xu Shiyou
Unless you tell me yourself
Zhou Yanjing, no matter how hard I try
I am destined to be the one who can never stand by your side in my life
Miss Liu oh no
I should call Mrs. Zhou now
Don't worry, although Miss Xu has not officially agreed with me
But it should be soon.
Love over time is better than love at first sight
Allow live streaming hosting
I hope you are a person who keeps your word
I'll remember that.
Your ability to hook up three and four is really amazing
Even a playboy like Zhao Lian'an can be laughed to death by you
Miss Rong, what he just said was just to deceive the old man
You can't hear that, can you?
If you really can't hear it, I advise you.
It is best to go to the hospital to see your brain.
The provincial Zhou Jiaxian Chun kicked you out of the house
Of course I know
But if you hadn't given him hope
How could he possibly help you?
That means you seduced him
In his heart, he believes that you are sorry for him
Okay, even if I seduced him, so what?
Isn't it just by pretending to be pure to seduce men?
Wait until I bring your brother to Harbor City
I see you still